very tight yeah unbelievable they're
gonna find the part of the numbers and
it's tell they are championship fair
season oh you know hopefully no local
calls for a meeting it's you as well I'm
gonna put on weekend for the grid so
let's play something okay just a little
it's been a lot of drinker tell you that
no it's been quite fun though we lived
it we're celebrating style and their top
up like is associated just incredible
goddess before only once applause we're
coming with a facebook for winning the
league so much better you know
especially when I know we've done it
with so with such ease and with so many
points other failures also both very
pleased them what it goes without saying
but you've enjoyed your show this
weekend but you've earned the right to
there haven't you've been an amazing
scene yeah we have you know we don't
have a code word I was so good everyone
two points you know should we caught a
lot of goals you know we want the most
games in the league so they deserve a
100% then this is why you dislocation I
guess I make it fair
witnesses
other people turned out to be absolutely
fantastic
it just comes out today big issue so
many spaces city not just to support
right yeah definitely judicial just
shows that most those coordinates this a
and absolutely a million run away from
thank you very good weekend
I mean it's just that time to show the
pencil a you know the appreciators are
saying essentially the same noise right
they fantastic
I thought we got the wrong route to
solve is a bit quieter look at this
absolutely unbelievable I think you can
see what it means to the whole city it's
I think the players will be blown away
by this we've had a great couple of a
celebration I think we need to show our
appreciation to our funders well it's
just like swapping what a big football
in city this is no it's absolutely
fantastic I'm delighted for everybody
who can serve with a club you know great
for our fans their lights and that
requires can share this it's a wonderful
experience for a good weekend the candle
burns at both ends and Oliver can you
tell you what turnout can you believe it
when we started a bit there but not the
amount of people who's in the town has
obviously brilliant great time that
light has been all year
look at this come for a long time he
said everything that we've seen here
what it's got bees to the city yeah I
think for those of you been ages you
know you know way it means to the city
but yet give them something to celebrate
in the shout about and showed us before
brilliant once again they bring back
memories of the year they leave one
winning campaign it does what was used
on a much much bigger scale you know we
never had anything like this we
shouldn't really have been in that
league
way but you know bleep out of it but
it's obviously fantastic day if I'm in a
fantastic year
you